---
date: 2024-08-15T07:01
tags: [Daily]
cssclasses: [daily, Thursday]
---

# DAILY NOTE

### _Thursday, August 15th, 2024_

---

## Journal

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">7:01 AM</span>
I have gotten up, fed Oakley, made my lunch, and am now waiting on the oatmeal that mom is making to finish. Depending on what the time is looking like, I will either get dressed before or after breakfast (seeing as how I have to leave at 7:15), of which I am wearing a pair of cream Converse high tops, khaki pants, a cream button-up shirt, and a casual brown sports coat.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">3:26 PM</span>
I have just gotten back from school, and have had a wonderful time. There was a lab in Biology II, and on a side note, I decided not to wear the sports coat to school. I am going to change and get a snack now. 

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">3:50 PM</span>
I have eaten a snack, and but all of my things away from school. I am now going to write Levi a letter, and then practice my guitar.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">5:19 PM</span>
I have just finished practicing guitar, after meddling on my computer since 3:50 PM, and starting to practice at 5:20 PM.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">6:11</span>
I've just come back inside from spending around 45 minutes shooting darts, and chasing chickens with my mom and brother.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">7:43 PM</span>
Dad made dinner (hamburger steak with green beans and potatoes). This time he used cinnamon, and I was not the biggest fan of that.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">8:01 PM</span>
I am about to play modded Terraria with Jackson (Calamity mod to be precise). I have just finished importing, and putting notes on all of the tattoo references that I want.

<span style="background-color: maroon; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">10:12 PM</span>
Jackson and I have just finished playing modded Terraria, and I am going to lock the chickens up, watch YouTube, and then shower, and go to bed.

---

## Tasks

- [x] Get ready on time
- [x] Practice Guitar
- [x] Play with Jackson
- [x] Write Levi a letter