---
date: 2024-08-14T17:24
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - Wednesday
---

# DAILY NOTE

### _Wednesday, August 14th, 2024_

---

## Journal

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">12:30 PM</span>
This is the first day that I am using Obsidian. Really excited to get started.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">5:25 PM</span>
Today there was dairy class, and Judah came over. Because of this I am not able to start school until now at 5:25PM.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">7:34 PM</span>
Today I have been procrastinating with school, of which I really need to get in check if I want to stay on track this year.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">8:05 PM</span>
I am finally starting school. Spanish comes first.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">8:40 PM</span>
I have just finished up Spanish, and I will now move onto Understanding the Culture. I have to type up a chapter summary for that. Atticus has been barking for around and hour now, and it is driving me crazy. I am going to get him, and lock up the chickens.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">9:45 PM</span>
Now I am actually going to do homework for the rest of my classes. I played Terraria with Jackson since my last entry. I aim to go to bed by 11:30 PM because I have to wake up at 6:30 AM for school.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">11:15 PM</span>
I just finished up my homework for Understanding the Culture, and have been talking to Samuel periodically while doing so. About to start math and then go to bed after a shower. My goal of going to bed at 11:30 PM will not be met. I guess the time will have to be moved to 12:00 AM.

<span style="background-color: orange; border-radius: 5px; padding: 2px 5px;">11:32 PM</span>
I have just finished school and will now watch YouTube until it is 12:00 AM, of which then I will: shave, take a cold shower, and then go to bed. Overall, I have had a very enjoyable first day using Obsidian, and will continue to use it for a long foreseeable time.

---

## Tasks

- [x] Finish School for the day
- [x] Go to bed

[[00 - Personal/00 - Daily/08-15-2024|08-15-2024]]