---
tags:
  - Letter
  - Levi
cssclasses:
  - page-white
  - pen-gray
  - embed-manila
---
Dear Levi,
	I have just received your letter. I am surprised that you have not written back sooner, unless you just have not been getting my letters in the mail. To answer your questions now, I have been doing great recently. I started school on the 13th this month. I saw that you said you start school next week, and that got the question in my head of what grade you will be going into? As of late, I have been preparing for school, playing guitar, working on computer science projects, and helping around the house and garden. I think it's great that your mom took you all to the bowling alley with the down syndrome awareness group to raise money for other people with down syndrome. What was your favorite game at Main Event when you went for Nathan's birthday? It is so cool that Nathan got a Nintendo Switch for his birthday. What kind of games did he get, or is he still waiting on that. I will make sure to let Evangeline know that you said happy birthday to her, and will also let her know why you didn't call her on her birthday, as I am sure that she will want to know. I hope that in the future you will write more often, unless, like I said, you are just not getting my letters. As for school this year, I am taking: Understanding the Culture, Algebra II, Spanish II, Biology II, and English III. Do you know what subjects you will be taking this year? How are Timothy and the rest of the family doing? 
						Sincerely,
					Lawson Guilbeau