Just after a snow storm it was lightly snowing and I’m in 3rd person/spectator view. There are two adults in Eskimo suits riding horses with a child in an Eskimo suit riding with an adult. The people were attached with ropes like a caravan. When they got over ice it split open about 100 feet apart. The horse with the adult and child went tumbling down into a bottomless pit/void. Thanks to the ropes they people and horse were safe. The adult on the surface was pulling them up. The rope broke, but luckily the falling horse and people had another rope to throw up to the surface. They made it safely to the top. They arrived at a wooden dome in the middle of nowhere. Then I’m in 1first person view as myself. Inside the dome a church service was starting. In the back quarter was the stage. On the left quarter there was a spot for the worship team to go sit down to watch the service from a tv. The worship lasted around two minutes. Then I saw Mr. Bren Wadel walking down from the stage with the worship team. Then. A very big man(one that had way to much food) came onto the stage. He talked for around two minutes. I don’t remember what he said. When he was done talking I realized that I was a Minecraft character. I told the man that was speaking that his service was too short. He replied loudly, “NOBODY CARES!!!” The wooden roof turned to glass. I went into Minecraft spectator mode (which is when you turn invisible and can fly through walls) and flew through the roof. The man that was speaking shouted, “GET THAT BOY!!!”, and three adults came running after me in confusion because they couldn’t see me. I flew millions of blocks away, when I came to a mountain with thousands of stairs carved into it. It was then that two things happened, I realized that nothing was blocky like Minecraft, but I was a Minecraft character, and I had dejavu. I “remembered” finding the mountain with stairs carved into it and thinking that it was a rare Minecraft biome, but it is not. At the top of the stairs there was an igloo, then the mountain’s side, behind the igloo, went flat along the side. I went into creative mode and quickly made a contraption that looks like a fountain on the outside and a jumpy house on the inside. The three adults that were trying to find me found the fountain contraption. One of them put a coin in and I shot up into he sky from the top of the wishing well/jumpy house contraption an landed like two or three blocks away from the adults that were trying to catch me. I then wasn’t the Minecraft character but myself setting at my desk controlling the Minecraft character. I was rapidly pressing the space bar trying to fly away. I wasn’t able to fly away. Just before the three adults caught me I was back as the Minecraft character, but I couldn’t control what I was doing. I went into spectator mode without trying, flew through a mountain and landed in the center. I was then a human again. I was looking at a once ruined royal Chinese palace. I had dejavu again when I saw the palace. Then I saw a man with super skinny long legs wearing tights, a polkadot shirt with poofy shoulders, and his shoes where like socks, but at the toes it got super skinny and really long. He said, “It’s been a while since we last met, do you want another tour of the palace”? I thought to myself, “*I’ve never met this man, and I don’t feel right about him, and he looks like a weird clown”.* In the dream I also was think to myself, “*Do I want to wake up or follow take the tour again?”* He said that he was Jesus, so I trusted him and said that I would take the tour again, but I still didn’t feel right about him.  We walked down a really long hallway for about two minutes. The man was behind me while we were walking. Then we got to this bottomless pit in the mountain. By the way, the mountain was made of ice so the sun was shining through the top. Also the palace was near the top so there was plenty of light. The man then said, “I remember when you almost fell down this pit”. I thought to myself again, “*I’ve never met thing guy”.* He handed me an instrument that had a really long neck and a rounded back and said, “Do you want to play this instrument?” . I thought to myself. “*I’ve never seen anything like this before”*, and said that I would play it. Even though I never even saw or held anything like the instrument, I started playing a song. The man then said, “Don’t play that song”. I asked, “Why”? He replied, “I was sitting here by this pit one time playing the song you were just playing and four little babies came crawling up the walls from way down inside the pit and bit all of my toenails off. I then said, “I’m sorry, how are your toenails”? He didn’t reply to my question, but simply said, “Come”. I got up and followed him. I was no longer holding the weird instrument, and I didn’t know where it went. We walked for about another two minutes down the same hallway until we got to the end where the was a left turn, but no right turn. I was still in front while we were walking. We took the left and were looking at some very large pictures of different people on the wall. We then kept walking until we got to a very dark, large room with very nice furniture, couches, chairs. Tables, etc. On one of the tables was a fine chine tea set with hot tea in the teapot, but no tea in the tea cups. If it weren’t for a very large fire place in the back wall, the room would be completely dark. Above the fireplace was a colossal helmet. It was a metallic rustic golden color with a sheet/cloth cut out exactly like the helmet and hung over the helmet. The nose guard started as an upside down triangle then curved up and over the eyes and went a long ways down. I’m guessing that if someone were big enough to put it on that it would go down halfway their back. I then woke up from the dream.

#Jesus #Dreams

[[I had a dream that there was a tall and skinny man that was in our…]]