I was in a parking lot of a church and a Wednesday morning at 10:33 in the morning on September the 23rd 2023, and It started when Mr. Wwyat (one of my former youth pastors) came up to me and asked if I would want to of with him to go and pick up some raw milk from one of his buddies that has two cows, which is funny because me and my family get raw milk from some of our friends that have two cows. I said sure and we got into my little red truck in the dream, not his car. I was telling him of a buttermilk factory that I knew of that was on the way to going to pick up the raw milk. As Mr. Wwyat started accelerating the car, I realized that my hair was slightly wet, like just after you’ve dried it after a shower, and so I stuck my head out the window so that the cool Fall air would make it dry all crazy looking. We ended up passing the buttermilk factory which was fine in the dream because I began to tell him how to make buttermilk just like we make it at our house in real life. When we got to were we need to go, the place where he get raw milk, it was actually in a town, in a plaza. When I got out of the car I saw my mom and all of my siblings, so Mr. Wwyat said that he was actually coming to drop me off to my mom for a field trip for school while he was on the way to got pick up the raw milk. It was a place where a local farm sold all of their products, and on Wednesdays they brought chefs in to cook bacon for their customers. There were a few people that were walking out of the market saying how the bacon wasn’t good on Wednesdays, and I thought to myself, “They only serve bacon on Wednesdays, so how. Could it be at its worst on Wednesday unless the bacon wasn’t good at all.” I noticed some pictures of people from Nigeria in the lobby area guess, and it reminded me of well obviously “Things Fall Apart” because I had just read it and written a paper on it. I also remember in the dream that there was on elderly couple and the husband had one of his eyes missing, and in place of to there was a rubber replacement that looked like a marble countertop. I asked him if he had served and he replied that he did so I thanked him, and my siblings, mom, and I proceeded into the marked where there was a small podium way in the back. So I asked my mom if we could see who was speaking because there was a decent sized crowd for no one on the podium yet. She said sure and then her and all of my siblings vanished, which happens often in my dreams. So I managed to get a good spot in the crowd to where I could see whoever was going to be speaking, and then Tim Henson walked out onto the podium. While he was walking onto the podium he accidentally bumped into someone on the was and they commented on how he smelled good. So he prodded to tell everyone that he wore women’s anti-perspirant, not deodorant which important for later. He said that his logic was that if smell like what women wear they might like you more. He also stated that he use women’s shampoo as well. People kind of chuckled and he said, “And now I can no longer do this”, and ran off the podium out of sight, and then ran back onto it saying, “Just kidding. Do any of you in the crowd were anti-perspirant? There was only one person in the dream and it shocked me of who it was. It was Arissa from school, and she began to explain how she used anti-perspirant. My alarm just went off.

#Jesus #Dreams

[[A really long and weird dream that I had 1-24-21 the day before Thanksgiving]]